Hold on — before you let the agent "fix everything," two things in its analysis deserve scrutiny, because one of them may be wrong and the other is internally inconsistent.

1. The two findings contradict each other. "All queues show 0 completed AND 0 failed — jobs aren't being submitted at all" and "every generation attempt hits a model-not-found error that exhausts retries" can't both be true unless the model call happens synchronously in the API route before enqueueing. If the model error happened inside a BullMQ job, you'd see failed jobs in the queue. So either:

The API route validates or calls the model before queue.add(), throws, and never enqueues (this would reconcile both findings), or
One of the two findings is wrong (e.g., the agent checked the wrong queue names or the wrong Redis instance — remember there were two Redis URLs floating around).

Worth confirming which it is, because if enqueueing is broken for a different reason, swapping model IDs won't fix it.

2. "gemini-3.5- doesn't exist" is likely inaccurate as a blanket claim.* As of now, several 3.5-series models are real and GA: Gemini 3.6 Flash (gemini-3.6-flash) and Gemini 3.5 Flash-Lite (gemini-3.5-flash-lite) are generally available and ready for production use, and gemini-3.5-flash is a valid Gemini 3.x Flash model ID. What doesn't exist is anything like gemini-3.5-pro — there's no Pro at 3.5; the Pro line is at gemini-3.1-pro-preview. So the exact string matters. If your config uses gemini-3.5-pro or a made-up variant, that's your 404; if it uses gemini-3.5-flash, the model exists and the real error is something else (bad API key, wrong endpoint version, quota). 
Google AI + 2

Also relevant depending on what citefi generates: for images, the current IDs are gemini-3.1-flash-image (Nano Banana 2) and gemini-3-pro-image (Nano Banana Pro), and for video, Veo integrations should use veo-3.1-generate-preview or veo-3.1-fast-generate-preview — so check VEO_VIDEO_MODEL too. Note that Gemini 2.0 Flash models were shut down on June 1, 2026, and all 1.0/1.5 models return 404s, so any old fallback strings in the code are also dead. 
Google AI + 2

The definitive check — don't guess, ask the API which models your key can see:

bash
curl -s "https://generativelanguage.googleapis.com/v1beta/models?key=$GEMINI_API_KEY" \
  | grep '"name"'

That gives you the exact valid strings for your key and simultaneously verifies the key works. Then grep the codebase for every hardcoded gemini- string and map each to a current ID.

And capture the actual error text from the server logs (the "model not found" message will name the exact model string it tried) — that tells you in one line whether it's a bad ID, a bad key, or a shut-down model. If the error is being thrown pre-enqueue in the API route, that also explains the empty queues and means the fix is model IDs + better error surfacing to the client, so failures stop being silent.