The agents don't generate content — they wrap generation. "Injecting themselves" happens at three distinct points, and the one most people miss is the last one, which is what makes the injection a loop instead of a one-way decoration.
Think of it as the learning brain wrapping the generation hands:
Pre-generation — the agent assembles the prompt: it pulls the top Wilson-ranked patterns for each dimension, the [AVOID] constraints from the defect ledger, and the few-shot exemplars (your real past winners for a similar brief), and it picks the model and temperature. The raw model never sees a naked prompt — it sees one loaded with everything the agent has learned.
During/after generation — the critic runs immediately (the review service), and if the draft fails on something repairable — truncated, missing FAQ, robotic prose — the agent feeds that specific defect back and patches just the failing part, bounded to a couple of retries. This is the agent supervising its own output, not just decorating the input.
Post-generation — the agent records exactly which patterns it injected (patternsUsedJson). This is the part that's easy to skip and fatal to skip: without it, the engagement labeler and review attribution have nothing to credit or blame, and your injection becomes open-loop — patterns affect output but never learn from the result.
Here's the orchestrator that ties it together:OptimizedContentGenerator — how agents inject into generationCode import { learningService } from "./learning-service";
import { contentReviewService } from "./content-review-service";
import { db } from "./db";
import { ContentType } from "../shared/schema";

// Defects the agent can fix by REVISING. Factuality deThat's the keystone — your article-generator and social-generator stop calling the model directly and call optimizedContentGenerator.generate() instead. Now the agent is in the path rather than sitting beside it.
The mechanics of each injection, concretely:
Prompt assembly is where "learned knowledge" stops being abstract. The [LEARNED]/[SUGGESTED]/[AVOID] lines and the proven tactics get woven into the instruction, and — the highest-leverage part for human-quality output — your real past winners get injected as few-shot examples via retrieveExemplars. That last one is what makes the difference between "an AI wrote this" and "this sounds like our best work," because the model is imitating your proven output on a similar brief instead of generating cold. The agent also picks the model and temperature from its own record, so the injection happens at the API-call level too, not just the text.
The critic-in-the-loop is the agent supervising itself. Generate, review immediately, and if it failed on something fixable, hand the model the specific defect and ask for a targeted revision — bounded to two passes so costs don't spiral. This is where the review service stops being just a scorer and becomes an active corrector during generation.
Recording the injected patterns is the whole game. Step 3's contract — the patterns assembled in step 1 must be the exact IDs recorded in step 3 — is what closes the loop. The engagement labeler later finds this generation by its patternsUsedJson, sees how it actually performed, and credits or blames precisely those patterns. Get this identity wrong and you have a system that injects learned patterns but never learns from whether they worked.
The honest limits worth holding onto:
Repair has a hard ceiling at factuality. You can revise a missing FAQ or robotic prose by asking again. You cannot reliably "fix" a hallucination by re-prompting — the model often just invents a different false claim. That's why handleFactuality flags unsupported claims for a human rather than regenerating them. Treating hallucination as auto-repairable is how you'd ship confident fabrications at scale.
Injection can homogenize. If you always inject your top patterns, every piece drifts toward the same proven formula and your output gets samey. The exploration slot and temperature variation are the counterweight — and watching the dimension-drift panel will tell you if "optimized" is quietly becoming "identical."
Prompt bloat dilutes. I capped injected patterns at 8 deliberately. Dump twenty learned tactics plus five exemplars into one prompt and they start conflicting ("be punchy" vs "be comprehensive") and the model follows none of them well. Rank hard, inject few.
That completes the architecture end to end: generation is now wrapped by the agent, the agent injects what it has learned, supervises the draft, gates the output, and records exactly what it did so the review and engagement loops can teach it for next time. Every piece you've built — Wilson scoring, the review pipeline, engagement labeling, the monitor — connects through this one orchestrator.
The exemplar retrieval stub is the last real gap, and it's the piece that most directly produces the "excellent, human" quality you were after. If you want, I can build that generationMemory layer — the embedding store, the "capture a defect-free winner" write path, and the similarity retrieval — so the agents actually pull your best past work into every new piece instead of starting from nothing.