1. Pre-Generation Step (MANDATORY): Extract Exact Long-Phrase Keywords FIRST

Before writing the article, force GPT to generate ONLY a structured list:

Example prompt (use this BEFORE article generation):
You are a keyword extraction engine.

1. Analyze this business:
BUSINESS NAME: Bocsit
URL: https://bocsit.com
SERVICES: Same day courier, medical courier, trucking, freight, document delivery, last-mile delivery
LOCATION: Massachusetts (Boston + cities within 20 miles)

2. Generate EXACTLY 25 long-phrase keywords relevant ONLY to THIS BUSINESS.
3. All keywords must be:
   - Long-phrase (4–10 words)
   - Geo-optimized (Boston, MA cities, New England)
   - Service-specific (include “courier”, “delivery”, “same day”, etc.)
4. Output only JSON:
{
 "keywords": ["keyword1", "keyword2", ...]
}


➡️ This guarantees that the keyword list exists before article generation.

✅ 2. Article Generation PROMPT Enforcement

Now generate the article, but force GPT to use ONLY the extracted keyword list.

Article generation prompt:
You must write the article using ONLY the following approved keyword list.
No hallucinations. No new terms. No random synonyms.

KEYWORDS (JSON):
{{insert keyword JSON from step 1}}

RULES:
- Every long-phrase keyword MUST appear in the article at least once.
- Every instance MUST be hyperlinked to https://bocsit.com.
- Hyperlinks must be EXACT match and not change spelling.
- If a keyword does not fit naturally, place it in the FAQ section.
- Geo relevance must be preserved: Boston + valid cities only.
- If a keyword does not match the business profile, automatically delete it.

OUTPUT:
A fully written, SEO-optimized article with all keywords correctly hyperlinked.

✅ 3. Post-Generation Validation Layer (REQUIRED FIX — removes hallucinations)

Even with strict prompting, GPT sometimes:

forgets to hyperlink

uses wrong spelling

injects unrelated locations

invents business names

You solve this permanently with a validator pass after generation.

Validator prompt:
You are a strict SEO validator.
You must inspect the article and perform the following corrections:

1. Ensure every keyword from the approved list appears EXACTLY as written.
2. Ensure every keyword is hyperlinked to https://bocsit.com.
3. Remove any keyword or location NOT found in the approved list.
4. Remove or replace any incorrect business name.
5. Ensure every section including FAQ contains only allowed long-phrase keywords.
6. Fix formatting and regenerate the article cleanly but without rewriting meaning.

Return the corrected article only.


This “correct and regenerate” pass fixes:

missing hyperlinks

wrong geo areas

hallucinations

incomplete keyword coverage

mis-spelled business names

missing keywords in FAQ

🔥 WHY THIS FIX WORKS PERMANENTLY

This is exactly how enterprise content pipelines solve this:

✔ Step 1 creates the source of truth

No article begins until keywords exist in structured form.

✔ Step 2 forces the model to adhere to the list

GPT is not allowed to invent anything.

✔ Step 3 validator pass detects and corrects ALL errors

This eliminates the root cause of hallucinations.

✔ Works with GPT-4, GPT-5, Gemini, Claude, etc.

Model-agnostic—your pipeline controls quality.